"Explorations in Testing" - Sony Playstation 2 Demo
---------------------------------------------

This is my entry for round #20 of the competition at
http://www.thethirdcreation.net/

Code, Objects and Graphics : adresd
Music                      : Simon and zyx
            
Released: 1st December 2003

This is basically some things I was playing around with while 
developing my new framework, thrown together into a demo.
There are a few minor problems, so dont jump all over me about
them. Its more a snapshot of WIP than anything, and to try and
break the 2 month gap :)

..

The demo has been tested on a PAL PS2, and a NTSC machine, it 
was coded for PAL and adapted for NTSC. 

You need naplink or pukklink to run this demo, as it loads an
IOP module from the HOST directory.

If you have an original JAPANESE machine, you may need to put
a LIBSD.IRX in your Host directory, as it doesnt seem to
be present in the BIOS on that machine. The demo will check
for one and load it from the host if not in rom.

You should also have SJPCM21A.IRX in your HOST directory.

SJPCM should be the new V2.1a one, which is included in the archive
just in case. This has a different name to the usual one just in case.

If you have problems with the irx loading in pukklink, then delete the
SJPCM21A.IRX and rename SJPCM21A_ALT.IRX to SJPCM21A.IRX and re-run.
The problem does not exhibit itself on naplink, and only it seems on
some versions of pukklink and not consistently. I am tracking it down
but time constraints got in the way for finishing in time for ttc20.
If you have naplink then run this via naplink if possible using the 
original SJPCM21A.IRX file.

Hope you enjoy,

adresd

--

Tech Info:
The music is two MOD files, totalling 67K of data.

--

Thanks and greets to:
Sjeep for SJPCM base.
Blackdroid for organising the mini-comp
Oobles for hosting ps2dev.livemedia.com.au and all the contributors to the site
Napalm for releasing Naplink
Everyone involved in ps2ip, pukklink and pksh/inlink
Everyone involved in ps2lib and ps2dev in general
Everyone who has entered the mini-comps
Everyone who chats to me on IRC

(sry, but the list would have been too big otherwise)
